Before we start working on no page let me just make a quick correction.
We're here at the very top.
Instead of having this heading three years and about I'd still like to leave this as a coffee junkie
because obviously this is gonna be the name of our project or Page or the company.
So I'll just keep this coffee junkie as well as let's write the title with capital E and as we say right
now everything is working fine.
Now let's decide what's happening within the numbers.
Now this is going to be my final project.
I'm going to navigate the numbers and within the numbers again most of the things stay exactly the same.
The difference would be here is our stories we're all going to use our table now in our case.
I think it's going to be faster.
We're is going to copy and paste everything that's in the about email and then then just get rid of
this text.
Again let's create a new file.
Let's call these numbers.
Email again.
Everything was selected in the validation email.
Now I can just copy and paste in the number station e-mail.
Now like I said I would like to delete all this long paragraph because this is not what we're gonna
be doing.
And that's right.
First of all numbers or our numbers or we you like or you know.
Let's call this our stores thing that just gonna make a little bit more sense.
And let me select the whole paragraph.
Delete it.
Let's maybe change the title of the page.
Is that always going to be right.
No numbers.
Let's save this.
And from our about page we can navigate right now to the numbers and sure enough all just gonna have
our heading with our stores title.
Now within the title what we're gonna have now.
Like you said we're gonna be working on our table.
So first we know that we need to have the table element and then within the table element we start working
with rows.
Now maybe let's add a little bit of clarification.
So in our case again we're going to use the comments.
So I'm gonna write and this is gonna be for the city.
So this is gonna be our table roll for the city now for the table roll we need to create a table or
rogue element and then we're looking for either table data elements that would reflect columns or since
we would like to have some kind of headings I'm gonna go with table heading element so here I'm gonna
write that the first one is gonna be city.
So that would be pretty much telling what my columns are gonna be like as well as you know what.
This is gonna be the first one is gonna be Chicago.
And let me copy and paste this.
So while the first one is Chicago we also have an option of New York.
So the stores would be located in Chicago as well as New York.
And we also have an option of Los Angeles let's save this and this would be my city.
And then these would be my cities.
Okay.
So far so good.
Now we also can right away maybe add the comment of and off city so we know that this would be the end
of the roll and maybe let's create another one where we're gonna have some kind of numbers.
So let's say maybe before that and then other comment orders and of orders.
So the beginning of the comment and then the comment made me feel it and also end of orders.
And now let's start creating our roles now within the role.
There's gonna be instead of table heading table data let's write table data and the first one is gonna
be the name of our role which will be numbers or orders.
My apologies.
Let's copy and paste this and let's write that in the first one is gonna be and twenty five.
The second one is gonna be 250.
And last but not least we're gonna be looking for 500.
So this is gonna be our second row again as we copy pasted notice.
These are gonna be our orders.
Now last but not least we're gonna be looking for basically profit.
So whatever profit our city stores will be generating.
So let's rewrite this.
This will be profit profit.
Let's make sure that we write this correctly as well as land of profit.
And let's just add some kind of dollar value.
Now I would also like to change the name of my role.
This would be profit now.
And here we're gonna be looking for dollar sign meaning this would be significant.
That this is a dollars and let's say 10000 10000.
And let's just copy and paste this.
So let's say first one second one.
Third one.
How are we gonna change it to 20000 30000.
And that should be good enough now.
Last but not least.
Again I'm going to implement a little bit of CSX because it bothers me that it looks so bad.
So what we would need to do and again you don't need to worry about the syntax right now.
It's very very easy.
Yes a syntax that we'll get to cover later on but I would like to write again style attribute.
So this is gonna start my inline C assess and then let's just add border and board needs to be two pixels
solid.
Let's say black as was the other property would be border spacing border spacing.
And that's gonna be equal to let's say 25 pixels.
So spacing the call on and let's just write twenty five pixels now on the moment we're gonna save it
as you can see right now the table looks a little bit more presentable.
Now last but not least let's just check it out in the bigger browser window.
Again we would want to navigate away from about we're going to go to numbers and yeah we have our stores
so our number page is finished and now it can work on contact page.